Security documentation update (#3183)
pytorch/serve: README.md

# TorchServe

## Security Changes

> TorchServe now enforces token authorization and model mode control by default. Check the following documentation for more information: [Token Authorization](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/token_authorization_api.md), [Model mode control](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_control_mode.md)

Reviewer: Can you please add what is model mode control ? and whats the usecase?

You can add it here at the top https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_control_mode.md

Author: Model control mode is explained in the doc in multiple places including https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_control_mode.md#model-control-mode-default and near the top in https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_control_mode.md#two-ways-to-set-model-control

Author: Can change the wording to be little bit more descriptive

Reviewer: I think we need to first mention what is model control mode? and why is it needed and when do we use which option.

The README mainly describes the various options but doesn't give an idea of what this feature is and what does it address

Author: I believe that it is better for the users to read about the feature in the full document and the README should inform users about the change. Similarly for token authorization the README informs users of the change and for full details they can read in the doc.

Author: I changed the naming to `Model API Control` which provides little more clarity then Model Mode Control.

# ❗ANNOUNCEMENT: Security Changes❗

> TorchServe now enforces token authorization enabled and model API control disabled at start. These security features are designed to address the concern of unwanted API calls and to prevent potential malicious code from being introduced to the model server. Check the following documentation for more information: [Token Authorization](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/token_authorization_api.md), [Model API control](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_api_control.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TorchServe now enforces token authorization enabled and model control API disabled by default. These security features are intended to address the concern of unauthorized API calls and to prevent potential malicious code from being introduced to the model server. Refer the following documentation for more information: [Token Authorization](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/token_authorization_api.md), [Model API control](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/blob/master/docs/model_api_control.md)
```
